Are you okay? I'm trying to call you for ten times.
You haven't done something to do but have you.
I can't find your reason to go.
Stop saying that, okay? Don't listen to what that guy said.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
We never found Algar's body. Maybe he's to a life.
You've waited ten years, okay? You sure you're going to give up now?
Don't you want to find out the truth for yourself?
Yeah, if you're right, I should keep going.
Good. Now go get some sleep and get back to set, girl.
Okay, that is something that you've always wanted and you're not going to screw them, alright?
Yeah. I understand. I'll keep going for Algar.
I want that bitch, dad. You got that thing ready?
Sure, I would do the job.